---
published: true
layout:  post
title:  "Alex, Andy, Mihut and Marin's band"
display_date: 2018-05-26
categories: life
img: "https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/_eHHL-9VS8KE8nc_IR9LzKI7oYrND_J33xeBBal4Cwd54Rmh7YAIazY6LJWV8bD6QapqG9rAZy-4V9XZpBYF7edK_8AjPRip6sDkGy2ij3C9cujL7pePrutb2QQp20o7N2Hog7yiq9Ju6VMHxBUZ4coPnytoHvnTBqxPzPeQ-nzhcTMTdqAmIzhPrGt7XyrkayLAhtlxHPu1M2EUUBu2BTwARlDxS_EUni59hiCFL-zkTF2jc3pq12tpqH2YyyWitJB-g829FJeQLzqSiX54A6yXFsSpEhHcsxaVeu0BLP5g4_iZmfRyxFbVm958CkdGMZfYunMadqHxkZ5nb3K1QDId5CA_cr2FrMZYszulenVFSDRRxrVEVa6xgHF6hlWOGSAdanj0YwShdxRAqR-Bo-HOSb9eLtIr56hQ2NK8rIhS6k9YipwJp1dAvp5ZptnTbhU7FWIk5iMEUFPHFnE5QLkEbwsHJa9k0yVMfjSgRJhG2yoYaKhelzFH4RVmAKev2AQGd3Lnb1WexZGhD999TmqMJt-4om42Z2dU3EVN3KUUp7NtZDUnOp8Pv-jFHNFX4UXbSbnOx64S5QwkUr61g6c9fYSbhDRcOdQ329U=w1239-h929-no"
description: We had the chance to witness the rehearsal of a local band, performing songs from Childish Gambino, Artic Monkeys as well as Red Hot Chilli Pepper
---

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;{{ page.description }}

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;We met Alex, Andy and Mihut friday night while being out. They are friends of Mara, an art student from Galati Pierre had met a few weeks before. We had a great time all together. It appeared they had a band, and invited us to their rehearsal the next day.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It's saturday evening, we arrive at the local theater and they welcome us inside. They are being lend a room backstage with speakers, amplifiers, and a drum as well. They had already started rehearsing and we arrived during the break. Pizzas are being delivered, we talk, we chill a bit. Then they start jamming a bit on the instruments and ask us if we'd prefer to hear some Childish Gambino or some Artic Monkeys. Being a huge fan of Gambino's last album they start playing Redbone ...and it felt amazing. The whole room trembled under the music, Marin plays the drum, Alex the guitar, Andy the bass and Mihut is the singer. The song felt much better than listening to it with earphones, and Mihut is so full of energy when singing it adds something up to the song. A few more Childish Gambino songs and they now start playing some Artic Monkeys with even more energy.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;After two or three hours of rehearsal we all headed back to our place, very thankful of what had happened.
